1. Does the project appear to meet the technical requirements? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3.
It meets the requirements, 3.

Is your peer making API calls, using SDK's/third-party libraries?
Yes

Is your peer making use of Services? If so, are they offloading long tasks to a separate thread, i.e. AsyncTask, Runnable, IntentService, etc.
Yes

Is your peer making use of Fragments? If so, are they passing data from Fragment to Activity via interfaces? If not, why did absense of Fragments make sense?
Yes

Is your peer making use of RecyclerView? If so, does it appear to be working correctly ( implementation and otherwise )?
Yes

Is your peer making use of some sort of persistent storage, i.e. Firebase or SQLite? If so, why do you think Firebase/SQLite was chosen? Could they have used one or the other instead and why?
Using their own server for storage.

2. Does the project appear to be creative, innovative, and different from any competition? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3.
Yes, creating quickly accesible menus for restaurants, 3.

Is your peer making use of proper UX patterns we learned in class? If not, what are they doing that is unconvetional or that might confuse a user ( you )?
They are.

Is your peer making anything cool or awesome that you would like to note or applaud them on?
Using their own storage is something I would like to have in the future.

3. Does the project appear to follow correct coding styles and best practices? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3.
It does, 3.

Are you able to reasonably follow the code without having anyone answer your questions?
For the most part yes.

Are you able to make sense of what the code is doing or is trying to do?
Yes.

4. Find two pieces of code of any size: one that is readable and easy to follow and one that is difficult to follow and understand.
The snap scrolling method is easy to read through. The only part I can find that is a little more difficult is the fetchSpecials method only becuase I haven't used much RX java.

What makes the readable code readable? Be as detailed as you can in your answer, it can be challenging to explain why something is easy to undertand
What makes the difficult code harder to follow? Be as detailed as you can in your answer.
The spacing in the project is well done, ie: seperating different types of delcaration types.

5. High level project overview: Take a look at as many individual files as you have time for
I looked over most classes and they all seemed to be well organized and have mainly one purpose. They are all easy to read and follow.

Does this class make sense?
Does the structure of the class make sense?
Is it clear what this class is supposed to do?
